what is c language?
C is a programming language used to write operating systems, compilers, and other software. It was developed in 1972 by Dennis Ritchie at AT&T Labs. 
Procedural: C is a procedural language that supports structured programming and recursion 
Compiled: C is a compiled language, which means it's converted into a machine-readable object file before running 
Fast: C is a fast language with clean syntax 
* Uses of C :
Building database management systems
Designing compilers
Developing operating systems
Graphical user interfaces
Gaming and animation
Embedded systems
Browser engines

Procedural Oriented Programming
In procedural programming, the program is divided into small parts called functions.
Procedural programming follows a top-down approach.
There is no access specifier in procedural programming.
Procedural programming is used for designing medium-sized programs.


Escape Sequences in C
Escape sequences are special character combinations that begin with a backslash (\) and are used to represent characters that cannot be typed directly or have special meanings.

Significance of main() in C
The main() function is the entry point of every C program. Its execution starts from main() and ends when the program terminates.

Procedural Oriented Programming
In procedural programming, the program is divided into small parts called functions.

Object-Oriented Programming
In object-oriented programming, the program is divided into small parts called objects. 


key feactues of c language
The C programming language has many key features, including efficiency, portability, and memory management
C is a fast and efficient language that can write reliable code.
C provides efficient memory management with low-level access to memory.
Lexical variable scope: C has lexical variable scope.
Static type system: C has a static type system. 


what is recursion in c?
The recursion process in C refers to the process in which the program repeats a certain section of code in a similar way. Thus, in the programming languages, when the program allows the user to call any function inside the very same function, it is referred to as a recursive call in that function. 

what are data types in c?
Each variable in C has an associated data type. It specifies the type of data that the variable can store like integer, character, floating, double, etc.
Primitive Data Types: Primitive data types are the most basic data types that are used for representing simple values such as integers, float, characters, etc. ex : int, char, float, double, void 
Derived Types : The data types that are derived from the primitive or built-in datatypes are referred to as Derived Data Types. ex : array, pointers, function

what is reserved keyword in c?
In the C programming language, a reserved keyword is a word that has a predefined meaning and cannot be used as an identifier (e.g., variable name, function name). Ex: 
Data types: int, char, float, double, void, short, long, signed, unsigned
Control flow: if, else, switch, case, default, for, while, do, break, continue, goto 
Storage classes: auto, static, extern, register
Other keywords: const, volatile, return, sizeof, struct, typedef, union, enum

difference between getchar and scanf
In C, the getchar() function reads one character from the standard input stream, while the scanf() function reads multiple data types, including integers, floats, and strings. 